{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all the countries that speak Slovene. Your query should return the name of the country, language and language percentage. You query should arrange the result by language percentage in descending order
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-- SELECT name, language, percentage\
-- FROM countries JOIN languages ON languages.country_id = countries.id\
-- WHERE language = 'Slovene'\
-- ORDER BY percentage DESC;\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 . What query would you run to display the total number of cities for each country. Your query should return the name of the country and the total number of cities. You query should arrange the result by number of cities in descending order.\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -- SELECT COUNT(cities.name), countries.name\
-- FROM countries JOIN cities ON cities.country_id = countries.id\
-- GROUP BY countries.name\
-- ORDER BY COUNT(cities.name) ASC;\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all the cities in Mexico with a population of greater than 500,000. Your query should arrange the result by population in descending order.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
-- SELECT cities.population, countries.name\
-- FROM countries JOIN cities ON cities.country_id = countries.id\
-- WHERE countries.name='Mexico' AND cities.population > 500000\
-- ORDER BY cities.population ASC;  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all language in each country with a percentage greater than 89%. Your query should arrange the result by percentage in descending order.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-- SELECT countries.name, languages.language, languages.percentage\
-- FROM countries JOIN languages ON languages.country_id = countries.id\
-- WHERE languages.percentage > 89 ORDER BY languages.percentage DESC;\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all the countries with Surface Area below 501 and Population greater than 100,000.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
-- SELECT countries.name, countries.surface_area, countries.population \
-- FROM countries\
-- WHERE surface_area < 501 AND population > 100000;\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all Constitutional Monarchy Countries with a capital greater than 200 and a life expectancy greater than 75 years.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
-- SELECT countries.name, countries.government_form, countries.capital, countries.life_expectancy\
-- FROM countries\
-- WHERE capital > 200 AND life_expectancy > 75;\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to get all the cities of Argentina inside the Buenos Aires district and have population greater than 500, 000. The query should return the Country Name, City Name, District and Population.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
-- SELECT countries.name, cities.name, cities.district, cities.population\
-- FROM countries JOIN cities ON cities.country_id = countries.id\
-- WHERE cities.population > 500000 AND cities.district = 'Buenos Aires'; \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What query would you run to summarize the number of countries in each region. The query should display the name of the region and the number of countries. Also, the query should arrange the result by number of countries in descending order.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
SELECT region, COUNT(name) AS countries\
FROM countries GROUP BY region;\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}